II a sports it's in the game dynasty is
by far the most popular mode in the NCAA
football series and the deepest mode in
sports games gets even deeper with the
addition of the coaching carousel to
NCAA football 12 for the first time ever
you can start your coaching career as a
coordinator and climb the ladder to
become the head coach of your dream
school as a coordinator you will only
have control of your side of the ball
but once you become the head honcho it's
up to you to call all the shots check
out your job offers every offseason but
before you sign a contract make sure you
know the goals that your new school will
be expecting you to achieve fall short
of these goals and you will feel your
seat heating up watch the coaching
carousel unfold every offseason as you
get to track what jobs become available
who wants you to be their next head
coach and where everyone winds up when
the music stops but it's not just about
coaches with teams moving conferences
the landscape of college football is
changing NCAA 12 allows you to stay
current with whatever the real world
throws your way want to see what the
pack 16 super conference would have
looked like set it up want to recreate
the old Big Eight or Southwest
Conference have at it how about a
12-member dynasty where everyone is an
independent why not once you have your
conferences aligned to your liking it's
time to set up the rules for each
conference set everything up from your
schedule type to the week when
conference games start you can also edit
the BCS automatic qualifiers to add or
remove any conference champion you want
give the Mountain West at birth and the
Fiesta Bowl strip the Big East to their
AQ status or even turn the Rose Bowl
into a battle between the Sun Belt and
the Mac from coaches to conferences it's
up to you to decide how your dynasty
plays out
you